WELCOME TO "DAY-NIGHT DUNGEON"

Here you would find all the necessary information to enjoy and play the game
As this is a conversational adventure, we reccomend you read the LORE for a 
more inmmersive experience in which you will be playing as the DAWN NIGHT



LORE/CONTEXT:

200 years have passed since the miracle happened. Well "miracle" , that is how it is remembered, at the 
time it felt like one, but it was not, not for us, not for me. 

When the darkness arrived, all hope was lost, seemingly no one could face the evil that came with it, 
corrupting people, animal and souls when consumed by it. Nonetheless, HE showed up, HE touched a few 
'Chosen' ones,giving us power. We became HIS champions, to fight the evil that had sorrounded the last remnants of
civilization. After that, HE left, only directing from above, we became a force of nature, able to purge
most of the darkness out of the lands it had consumed. 

Humanity was saved and we were at first considered heroes. But at what cost? Twenty of us were toched by HIM
when the miracle happenned and as the fight streched every other being started to forget us, we went far out to hunt the
remaining evil beings down, that was HIS command, the further we went, more of a myth we became. 
I watched my friends die one by one during this permanent war, it has been 50 years since the last one fell,
only I remain, hunting evil, again, and again, and again. Did I do something wrong along the way? I often ask myself, 
but no, HIS command is what I follow, HIS touch a curse rather than a miracle, left alone, seeking an end to this, to be able to finally 
rest from this Holy duty.

The Dusk_King, in a far castle is causing havoc in the area, Evil that must be purged, HIS words: Destroy him, and you might
find what you are looking for. Exactly like before, one more fight, will it be my last?

    --DAWN KNIGHT
  



BASICS:

The player can move through the castle using the command move, followed
by n, s, w, e, u, d to move North, South, West, East, Up or Down. Note that
this command also works when typing move and the full coordinate as in: move north.

We encourage our players to always inspect (lit up or not) spaces and each of the objects
there (when a space is dark, much of its details, including most objects,
are unaccessible). In order to obtain info about something, use the command inspect followed 
by space, to explore the space your player is in, or inspect plus <obj_name>
to  examine the target object.

To pick up or drop any item (some might be hidden depending on the time it is
or unless some objects are in our inventory) we must use the drop or take command 
followed by the target object's name as in take/drop apple. All taken objects(the ones 
that can be) will be stored in the player's inventory. 

INFORMATION:
All information needed is displayed on screen, around the map, please do check it before any action
and after it. For example, combat can only be understood by the health charts and the dialogue box below the map.

VERY IMPORTANT: OBJECTS GUIDE: 
The USE command will usually act as a "use object". Although some of them won't do much because
they are not supposed to be used or you might not be in the correct place. The ladder for instance,
must be DROPPED (not used) in the correct place(same for Candle1), after which, they will be fulfilling their purpose.
Otherwise, for consumable objects(like healing ones or keys), once used,
they will be destroyed/consumed.

Torches are a special case. Once taken, they can be lit up with the command TURNON(ton for short) <Torch1>
and as long as we carry them in our inventory, they will illuminate the place we are in. To disable this, just
use the command TURNOFF (toff for short) <Torch1>. We reccomend doing that as soon as we have inspected and taken
the objects we wanted in a space because we might miss many hidden things we might discover from inspecting a dark space.

Apple, beds(usable as long as we are on the same space), elixirs and armor only work with the USE command.
Swords will aplly their effect as long as they are in our inventory (common swords break after 3 hits so 
we should have that in mind) 

To open a door with a key we must type: OPEN Door1/Door2 with Key1/Key2 respectively.
Same goes for special keys and Doors.

Done with the basics, let's carry on with other mechanics of the game


KEY WORDS:
When inspecting objects, some descriptions might not be clear enough so here is a 
guide for some terms:

Power: Chance to win a combat round (hit an enemy).

Recover: Means heal, not increase Max_health, as long as we are hurt, 
this object will be useful.

Dusk_Key: A key to his doorstep meaning a key to the Throne_Room,
the blocked door at the Hall.



COMBAT:
From time to time you will encounter an enemy (all of which you must defeat,
except the fellow cellmate, we dont recommend attacking him,as he has been there 
since before anyone else, but it is up to you)

The combat system is quite forward, use the command attack inside a room with an enemy,
and combat will inmediately begin. Each time we use the command, a combat round will occur,
where we can hit, or be hit by the enemy. We can disengage by moving outside of the room. 
Healing items can be used at any time can be used at any time but you would get hit by your foe if you are in the same room.
So heal on another room if you want to recover before and not during combat

Initially, the player has a 50% chance to damage the enemy and same odds to be hit by them. 
A sword will increase the chance to hit an enemy but won't 
change the damage we deal (That is reserved for other...special swords). The variable that
will show damge is base damage, ranging from 1 to 2. 

Another feature added to make combat more challenging is critical hits, which will deal 
double the base damage. Default crit.chance for us is 0 but this can be increased by obtaining the 
Crit Sword (inspect the object in-game for more details), but for enemies, it will depend on who 
they are, a guard won't be dealing critical hits, but for an assassin...this changes a lot.



DAY-NIGHT FEATURE:
This is the feature that makes this game different from others. 
Day by default.
Beds will be objects inside the bedrooms of the castle and we would be able to sleep
on them so that it becomes day or night. 
It is true that most dark spaces will need to be lit up with torches to see the objects that
are hidden in them. But, many misteries are hidden in the dark, and 
some of them can only be seen while it is dark. Also some random things only happen at night so beware of 
surprised attacks, or we might even get lost at some point. Also, shouldn't there be a chance of it becoming
night or daytime once in a while? There is, time passes a little weird inside the Dusk_Castle.
We should be using torches wisely, moving them at day or night, from one room to another in order to see or pick up objects, 
or to cross secret passages. If the myths are right, only those who are worthy will be 
able to see light when inspecting darkness.


Written by : Antonio Van-Oers Luis


