WARNING:

USING THIS GUIDE IS LIKE CHEATING IN THE GAME,
ONLY AVAILABLE FOR PEOPLE WHO WANT TO TEST ALL 
GAME FEATURES

We recommend playing at least once for yourself
before using this guide.





We first need to inspect space (keep info in mind, speacially
the hungry dude)

Take torch1

Lit torch1 up with fire (on the cell).

Move then once to the south.

Then inspect the dark room, in which we are now,
to notice something strange, at its right. We need the info for much later.

Take the sword1 and apple3 there 

Move south again

Inspect space to find the ladder and a sword. 

Move East

Take the candle and the Bread_Crumbs

turn off Torch1

Inspect the Dining_Room to notice a key, but out of reach. 
Keep that in mind.

Move West

Take the ladder

Move north 

Move north (to the cell)

Drop the ladder to gain access to the attic (ladder cannot be moved again)

Move up (to the attic)

Take both apples 

Move East

Defeat the guard, attack any times needed.

Take Key1

open door1 with key1

Move East

Take Treasure_key 

Take elixirs

Move West twice

Move down(Cell)

Use Bread_Crumbs to feed your cellmate
inspect space, he will now tell
us something that leads to thinking that the unreachable
key in the Dining_Room will open the hidden door (Corridor1).

Move south twice

Take sword

Move East 

Recover health, use both apples for that

Move East

Defeat the guard, attack as many times as needed.

Use the key to open the door there

Move East, inspect the Library
You find there a puzzle which you are supposed to 
figure out but it is pretty clear that u need to drop 
a lit up candle there to compete the triangle, note that 
the other candles are not movable.
This automatically opens the door to the bedroom (East to the library)

Move east

Inspect the bedroom

Take Crit_sword and the Armor

Use Armor to use it and increase your Max_health

Sleep in the Bed to make it night time

Move West twice

Inspect the corridor_2

You can now take another piece of Armor

Use Armor to use it and increase your Max_health

Move East twice(Bedroom again)

Recover health, use both elixirs

Take elixirs there

Venture into the dungeon by moving down(stairs).

Defeat the assassin, just attack and pray as many times as needed 
(this is a run killer, you might still loose anyways)

Open the door by using the Treasure_key (acquired in the attic alcove)

Move North

Inspect the treasury

Take the dusk Dusk_Key, Hook, Armor and elixirs

Use Armor to use it and increase your Max_health

Move South 

Move up (bedroom)

Move West thrice (Dining_Room)

Now remember that you have a hook now, so 
use it to get the Dawn_Key, previously unreacheable 
and here comes the thing, now you can unlock the Secret_Chamber
on Corridor1, and as it is nightime you can now go through it.

Move West, then North (Corridor1)

Use the Dawn_Key 

Move east to enter the Secret_Chamber

LOOK at the dialogue 

Inspect space for 
once you choose either, the other will desapear

Take Moon_Armor, it is more reliable

Move East

Move south (Hall)

Use the Dusk_Key to open the door that leads to the Throne_Room

Move south to enter the final room 

Sneak in (it is nightime) take the last piece of Armor from the floor

Move north to get out

Use Armor to use it and increase your Max_health

Use all remaining healing items(Use the two elixirs that you should have)

Move south again

Defeat the Dusk_King by attacking any times you need.




Written by: Atonio Van-Oers Luis
